v1.4 changelog:
Added overwrite for output directory.
Added noting functionality, both for individual components and for the whole form.
Added various user info prompts for ease of use.
Added a suffix to the file name if a file with the same name already exists.
Fixed bug with files saving even after cancelling the process.
Various general improvements for maintainability.

v1.5 changelog:
Added a function to show pictures of selected/scanned components.
Further reduced 'magic numbers' to improve readability.
Added more comments for maintainability.
Added a function to handle 'enter' being pressed on the sourcePathTextBox.
Improved error log system.
Added messagebox to notify users their file has been saved correctly.
Changed TooManyError to avoid accidental skipping.
Adjusted listbox sizings.
Rearranged functions to be more similar to the actual flow of the program.
Added a counter for how many items have been fully packed.
Added a JSON config file to allow for target directories to be changed live.

v1.6 changelog:
Changed file system to contain all resources in three folders within a resources folder.
Changed image function to use new file system.
Renamed function names for easier maintenance.
Changed how data listview columns are generated.
Changed how changes are displayed.
Editing checklists now overwrites the outdated file.

v1.6.1 changelog:
Changed how file names are generated.
Changed how DeleteOldFile identifies files to overwrite.

v1.6.2 changelog:
Added a checkbox to note if the kit is complete or incomplete. 
Changed file name generator to display completion status.

v1.7 changelog:
Added a function to count the total number of items in the opened kit and display it.
Made visual elements adjust to the size of the window.
Rearranged visual elements.
Made errorListView 'Errors' header only appear when errors are displayed.
Added new sounds.
Adjusted how listview columns resize.

v1.7.1 changelog:
Fixed several crashes caused by missing sound files being played.